Go to button and README update (#81)
xmartlabs/blog: README.md

# Xmartlabs Blog

> The idea of this blog is to post some insights of our work and share tips and data related to the projects we tackle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this blog is to showcase some insight of our work and share data and tips related to the projects we tackle.
```

We will also keep it updated with info and news about Xmartlabs.

## Contents

* [Local setup]
* [Featured posts]

## Local setup
This blog was built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), a simple, extendable and static site generator.
To set it up on your machine:
1. Clone the project into your machine: git clone git@github.com:xmartlabs/blog.git
2. Create your branch: `git checkout -b my-new-branch`
3. Install Ruby 2.3.0 (you can use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv))
4. Install Jekyll and bundler in this Ruby version by running: `gem install jekyll bundler`
5. Go to the folder for this repository and build the site with `jekyll serve` or `jekyll serve --host=0.0.0.0` (if you want to use it from your phone or other machine)
6. Now browse to http://localhost:4000 or http://YOUR-IP:4000

## Featured posts

> If you will like for your post to be among the 3 featured posts you will need to set the following variables in the post [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like for your post to be among the 3 featured posts you will need to set the following variables in its [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/):
```

> If you will like for your post to be among the 3 featured posts you will need to set the following variables in the post [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a post to be among the 3 featured posts you need to change the following config variables in the post [front matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/):
```

Reviewer: Not sure which is better between `parameters`, `config variables` or `attributes`

Author: The documentation at Jekyll refers to these as `custom variables`

- `featured_position: 1`

> This may take one of the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These may take one of the following values:
```

    - `1`: it will be displayed on the left column in Desktop, the image size needs to be around 574x385px

>     - `2`: it will be display at the top of the right column in Desktop, the image size needs to be around 706x187px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `2`: it will be displayed at the top of the right column in Desktop, the image size needs to be around 706x187px
```

>     - `3`: it will be display at the bottom of the right column in Desktop, the image size needs to be around 706x187px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `3`: it will be displayed at the bottom of the right column in Desktop, the image size needs to be around 706x187px
```

- `featured_image: /images/my-new-post/featured.png`

> Remeber to place the image inside the folder created for your post, you might use a different name and format, just write the correct path in the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remeber to place the image inside your post's folder, you might use a different name and format, just assign the correct path to the variable.
```

**IMPORTANT:**

> If multiple posts have the same `featured_position` the newest will show on the featured section but the others won't show on the list of posts (since this are filtered to avoid repetition). **Please avoid this by deleting these variables from the post you want to replace.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If multiple posts have the same `featured_position` the newest will show on the featured section but the others won't show on the list of posts (since they are filtered to avoid repetition). **Please avoid this by deleting these variables from the post you want to replace.**
```

Author: `these` maybe?
